Add the governance (#2806)
containers/youki: docs/src/community/contributing.md

# Contributing

## Developer Certificate of Origin

Every commit must be signed off with the `Signed-off-by: REAL NAME <email@example.com>` line.
Use the `git commit -s` command to add the Signed-off-by line.

## Licensing 

Youki is licensed under the terms of [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/containers/youki/blob/main/LICENSE).

## Sending pull requests

> Pull requests can be submitted to [here](https://github.com/containers/youki/pull).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests can be submitted using [the GitHub standard process](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).
```
